## Instructions & Help

1. **Introduction**:
Welcome to my PPDONet (Protoplanetary Disk Operator Network) demo app! This app is designed to provide you with real-time neural network predictions of disk-planet systems using your input disk and planet parameters.

2. **How to Use**:
   - *Step 1*: Move the sliders to adjust the disk and planet parameters.
   - *Step 2*: Select the variable to view from the dropdown menu.
   - *Step 3*: View the image generated by the neural network.
   - *Step 4*: Click the download button to download a fits file for the current image.
   - *Step 5 \[Optional\]*: Click the "Source Code" button to navigate to the GitHub repository for this app.

3. **Understanding the Image**:
The predicted image represents the quasi-steady-state solution of the disk-planet system with the disk-planet parameters on the left. When `Surface density` is selected from the dropdown, the image shows the surface density normalized by the initial surface density profile. When `radial velocity` or `azimuthal velocity` is selected, the image shows the velocity subtracting the initial velocity profile, in the unit of sound speed at the planet.

4. **About the Neural Network**:
We use a modified Deep Operator Network (DeepONet, [Lu et al. 2021](https://www.nature.com/articles/s42256-021-00302-5)) to predict the disk-planet system. The network is trained on more than 400 FARGO3D simulations with randomly generated disk and planet parameters. The trained network takes less than 1s to predict the image on a laptop.

For more detail, please wait for our paper, which is currently under review.

For any additional questions or support, please feel free to contact us at Shunyuan Mao (symao@uvic.ca). Enjoy exploring the app!
